Communications/ZCM/README.md, before:

# Building

Make sure you have cloned the zcm github repository: [repo](https://github.com/ZeroCM/zcm) and use the following commands to build in the main zcm directory:

	./waf configure --use-all
	./waf build
	sudo ./waf install

If this doesn't work install dependencies using:

	./scripts/install-deps.sh

## Examples

To build examples:

	source ./examples/env
	./waf configure
	./waf build_examples

Running an example:
	./build/examples/examples/cpp/sub

Open up another shell:

	./build/examples/examples/cpp/pub

## Notes

Make sure JAVA_HOME is set (eg. export JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-11-openjdk-amd64/)

If you get the following error: 

	./publish: error while loading shared libraries: libzcm.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory

Set the LD_LIBRARY_PATH:

	export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/lib:/usr/local/lib

To use the zcm-spy tool on WSL, install XMing for displays: [download](https://sourceforge.net/projects/xming/)

## Creating new packets
Create a subdirectory with the same name as your packet.

Create a .zcm file for your packet and define your packet type meeting in the format defined [here](https://zerocm.github.io/zcm/docs/tutorial.html).

Compile your packet: `zcm-gen -c <packet_name>.zcm`

Create a ZCM subdirectory and symlink it to the zcm subdirectory of your ZCM install's location.
`ln -s /path/to/zcm/zcm /path/to/packet/dir/zcm`


Write a publish script in c that publishes packets in a manner that suits your application. See otp's pub.c as an example.


Compile your publisher `cc -o publish -I. publish.c msg_t.c -lzcm`

`./publish`


You can use the following tool to see the current broadcasted packets and ensure your publisher is functioning: `zcm-spy --zcm-url ipc` (assuming you chose ipc as the protocol in your publisher)

Commit message:

Updated otp_t publisher to read from stdin, updated readme, created subscriber for otp_t

Communications/ZCM/README.md, after:

# Building

Make sure you have cloned the zcm github repository: [repo](https://github.com/ZeroCM/zcm) and use the following commands to build in the main zcm directory:

	./waf configure --use-all
	./waf build
	sudo ./waf install

If this doesn't work install dependencies using:

	./scripts/install-deps.sh

## Examples

To build examples:

	source ./examples/env
	./waf configure
	./waf build_examples

Running an example:
	./build/examples/examples/cpp/sub

Open up another shell:

	./build/examples/examples/cpp/pub

## Notes

Make sure JAVA_HOME is set (eg. export JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-11-openjdk-amd64/)

If you get the following error: 

	./publish: error while loading shared libraries: libzcm.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory

Set the LD_LIBRARY_PATH:

	export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/lib:/usr/local/lib

To use the zcm-spy tool on WSL, install XMing for displays: [download](https://sourceforge.net/projects/xming/)

## Creating new packets
Create a subdirectory with the same name as your packet.

Create a .zcm file for your packet and define your packet type meeting in the format defined [here](https://zerocm.github.io/zcm/docs/tutorial.html).

Compile your packet: `zcm-gen -c <packet_name>.zcm`

Create a ZCM subdirectory and symlink it to the zcm subdirectory of your ZCM install's location.
`ln -s /path/to/zcm/zcm /path/to/packet/dir/zcm`


Write publish and subscribe scripts in c in a manner that suits your application. See otp's pub.c and sub.c  as examples.


Compile your files into executables `cc -o publish -I. publish.c msg_t.c -lzcm`

`./publish`


You can use the following tool to see the current broadcasted packets and ensure your publisher is functioning: `zcm-spy --zcm-url ipc` (assuming you chose ipc as the protocol in your publisher)
